feat: [IDP-2617]: Added the release notes for IDP v0.25.0 (#6260)
harness/developer-hub: release-notes/internal-developer-portal.md

- **Blogs:** [Introducing new Catalog Ingestion APIs to make Harness IDP truly yours](https://www.harness.io/blog/introducing-new-catalog-ingestion-apis-to-make-harness-idp-truly-yours)

- **New Docs:** [Get started with IDP](https://developer.harness.io/docs/internal-developer-portal/get-started/), [Harness IDP Overview](https://developer.harness.io/docs/internal-developer-portal/get-started/overview), [Catalog Metadata Ingestion API](https://developer.harness.io/docs/internal-developer-portal/catalog/custom-catalog-properties), [Usage of Catalog Metadata Ingestion APIs](https://developer.harness.io/docs/internal-developer-portal/catalog/ccp-for-workflows), [Custom Dashboards](https://developer.harness.io/docs/internal-developer-portal/dashboard/custom-dashboards)

- **New Videos:** Our team presented a talk on "[Architecting Multi-tenant Backstage Instances in a Shared Kubernetes Cluster](https://youtu.be/TPHsBduIvm0?si=wWp9b5kXXNKDGrX0)" at the recently held [Backstagecon Europe](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/kubecon-cloudnativecon-europe/co-located-events/backstagecon/).  

#### New features and enhancements

> - We now support a new [git integration](https://developer.harness.io/docs/internal-developer-portal/get-started/setup-git-integration#connector-setup) framework, which will allow users to have multiple connectors, with different host name, for a single git provider at once. For eg., Users can now use connectors for both  `github.com` and `github enterprise` to fetch entity yaml from both the sources at the same time. [IDP-2213]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We now support a new [git integration](https://developer.harness.io/docs/internal-developer-portal/get-started/setup-git-integration#connector-setup) framework, which will allow users to have multiple connectors, with different host URLs, for a single git provider at once. For e.g., Users can now use connectors for both  `github.com` and `GitHub enterprise` to fetch entity yaml from both the sources at the same time. [IDP-2213]
```

- We have added support for a new Workflow UI Picker, `[EntityFieldPicker](https://developer.harness.io/docs/internal-developer-portal/flows/custom-extensions#entityfieldpicker)` using which users can use the data present in catalog as an input for the workflows. [IDP-2441]

- We have added a new plugin, to support [GitHub Codespaces](https://developer.harness.io/docs/internal-developer-portal/plugins/available-plugins/github-codespaces) integration in the software catalog.[IDP-2469]

> - Added support for [MkDocs plugins and extensions](https://backstage.io/docs/features/techdocs/faqs/#what-is-the-mkdocs-techdocs-core-plugin) in the TechDocs. [IDP-2540]

Reviewer: We added a number of mkdocs plugins in our base image. We don't have a support for customers to add it themselves. Maybe we can add the list of the plugins we added from the PR
